README.md, before:

# Break Dance - Artistic Brutalistic Landing Page

A modern, animated landing page for a breakdance class, built with React, TypeScript, and Vite. Features a brutalistic design aesthetic with smooth animations powered by Framer Motion.

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18 or higher recommended)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/artgolwebdev/break-dance.git
cd break-dance
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

The application will open at `http://localhost:3000`

### Build for Production

```bash
npm run build
```

The production build will be in the `build` directory.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **React 18** - UI library
- **TypeScript** - Type safety
- **Vite** - Build tool and dev server
- **Framer Motion** - Animation library
- **Radix UI** - Accessible component primitives
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first CSS framework
- **Lucide React** - Icon library

## 📁 Project Structure

```
├── src/
│   ├── components/
│   │   ├── figma/          # Figma-specific components
│   │   └── ui/              # Reusable UI components
│   ├── guidelines/          # Design guidelines
│   ├── styles/              # Global styles
│   ├── App.tsx              # Main application component
│   ├── main.tsx             # Application entry point
│   └── index.css            # Base styles
├── index.html
├── vite.config.ts
└── package.json
```

## 🎨 Features

- **Brutalistic Design** - Bold typography, strong colors, and geometric shapes
- **Smooth Animations** - Scroll-triggered and interactive animations
- **Responsive Design** - Mobile-first approach
- **Accessible Components** - Built with Radix UI for accessibility
- **Hebrew Language Support** - RTL text support

## 📝 Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Start development server
- `npm run build` - Build for production

## 🔗 Links

- Original Figma Design: [Artistic Brutalistic Landing Page](https://www.figma.com/design/vYK82AeybgCxOozZ13fpYc/Artistic-Brutalistic-Landing-Page)

## 📄 License

This project is private.

Commit message:

Configure GitHub Pages deployment: Add base path, update build output, and create deployment workflow

README.md, after:

# Break Dance - Artistic Brutalistic Landing Page

A modern, animated landing page for a breakdance class, built with React, TypeScript, and Vite. Features a brutalistic design aesthetic with smooth animations powered by Framer Motion.

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18 or higher recommended)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/artgolwebdev/break-dance.git
cd break-dance
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

The application will open at `http://localhost:3000`

### Build for Production

```bash
npm run build
```

The production build will be in the `dist` directory.

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

- **React 18** - UI library
- **TypeScript** - Type safety
- **Vite** - Build tool and dev server
- **Framer Motion** - Animation library
- **Radix UI** - Accessible component primitives
- **Tailwind CSS** - Utility-first CSS framework
- **Lucide React** - Icon library

## 📁 Project Structure

```
├── src/
│   ├── components/
│   │   ├── figma/          # Figma-specific components
│   │   └── ui/              # Reusable UI components
│   ├── guidelines/          # Design guidelines
│   ├── styles/              # Global styles
│   ├── App.tsx              # Main application component
│   ├── main.tsx             # Application entry point
│   └── index.css            # Base styles
├── index.html
├── vite.config.ts
└── package.json
```

## 🎨 Features

- **Brutalistic Design** - Bold typography, strong colors, and geometric shapes
- **Smooth Animations** - Scroll-triggered and interactive animations
- **Responsive Design** - Mobile-first approach
- **Accessible Components** - Built with Radix UI for accessibility
- **Hebrew Language Support** - RTL text support

## 📝 Scripts

- `npm run dev` - Start development server
- `npm run build` - Build for production

## 🌐 Live Site

The project is automatically deployed to GitHub Pages:
- **Live URL**: [https://artgolwebdev.github.io/break-dance/](https://artgolwebdev.github.io/break-dance/)

Deployment is automated via GitHub Actions on every push to the `main` branch.

## 🔗 Links

- Original Figma Design: [Artistic Brutalistic Landing Page](https://www.figma.com/design/vYK82AeybgCxOozZ13fpYc/Artistic-Brutalistic-Landing-Page)

## 📄 License

This project is private.
